     Computer Down-Under-Ground Digest.  Volume 1, Number 1. 2/1/91 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Editor: Aaron Schiff   
Usenet: digest@nacjack.gen.nz
FidoNet: Digest Daemon 3:772/110.0
Demi-Monde: Digest Daemon 199:310/1.0

DISCLAIMER:  The views presented herein do not necessarily represent the 
views of the editor. Individual authors accept all responsibility for 
ensuring articles submitted do not violate copyright restrictions. This 
publication has no affiliation with the Computer Underground Digest 
published in the USA.

Computer Down-Under-Ground Digest is an open publication dedicated to the 
sharing of information and views concerning computer enthusiasts in New 
Zealand. CDUGD articles may be reprinted providing the source and original 
author are cited.

Readers are welcome to submit articles to this publication. Please send 
all contributions to the above address.

Issues of CDUGD are posted to the Demi-Monde.hack and 
Fido.nz.communications newsgroups. Back issues may be obtained by 
contacting the editor.

CDUGD holds a growing archive of text files that may be of interest to 
users. Complete lists and additions to the archive are published 
regularly. To request files please contact the editor.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
CONTENTS OF CDUGD Volume 1, Number 1.
=====================================

1. Editors Report. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Editor's Report: 
===================

Welcome to the first ever issue of the Computer Down-Under-Ground Digest. 
Please note that this is not a proper issue of CDUGD, merely a preliminary 
issue to 'get the ball rolling'. 

CDUGD will be published on a regular basis (probably monthly) and is to be 
distributed on the Demi-monde and Fidonet networks. 

To provide the content for future issues of CDUGD I wish to request 
readers to write articles relating to the computer scene in New Zealand. 
Articles on all subjects of computing welcome.

I am also looking for about half a dozen people willing to write articles 
for this digest on a regular basis - about once every 2 months or so will 
be fine - if you are interested please contact me.

All mail to the digest should be sent to the above addresses, NOT to the 
Editor's personal address! 

I am trying to build a text file archive. In this I hope to have issues of 
the Computer Underground Digest (the American publication) and issues of 
the PHRACK magazine. Also held will be other general text files about all 
sorts of things. If anyone has any text file that they think may be of 
interest to other users please email me with the title and a brief 
description and I will get back to you regarding whether I want it for the 
archive or not.

Basically, CDUGD cannot survive without YOUR support. I cannot write all 
the articles myself and it will be impossible for me to produce a monthly 
publication without exterior input. 

Aaron Schiff.
Editor.

**************************************************************************
    End of Computer Down-Under-Ground Digest   Volume 1, Number 1.





